Examine land use constraints.
- Are the forestry constraints tight? What is their dual price? How does it affect the revenue? Figure out how to prevent them being tight.
- Need to explain the forestry constraints in the paper.
- Calculate agricultural land use. Decide whether to use agriculture land constraints.
- Calculate seaweed area use. Decide whether to use seaweed area constraints.

Run all experiments and update the paper.
Improve Github site.

---------------

Plan to implement a simplified linear programming column and row generation algorithm.

(1) Create a new standalone SQLite database named smdamage_solutions.db in the output directory to store all linear programming solutions.
The purpose is to construct later models with a restricted number of rows and columns based on previous solutions.
The database should track the details of each scenario. The database should track the non-zero objective function coefficients of columns.
Indexing of tables should allow fast retrieval of variables by objective function coefficient or perhaps better yet by bid ID, assuming bid ID is ordered by increasing price, and being careful of the different signs for emitters and removers.
Variable Indexing: Instead of "variable name," store the Bidder Name + Step Index. Column names like qapt(5,Carbon,2025.0) can be brittle if you change time-steps.

Add accessors to Read from and write to the database.
When saving a current solution, filter linear programming columns by value as to whether they are close to zero.
Do not store columns close to zero.

For the tau search, Use an in-memory dictionary for speed during a single run.
Only commit to smdamage_solutions.db at the end of an experiment to serve as a long-term "warm start" for future sessions.
smdamage_solutions.db should record the iteration number of each solution.

(2) Add a new function Solve_SMDAMAGE(smdamage pulp model).
This function first checks smdamage_solutions.db to determine the maximum breakpoint of the bid curve for each variable type,
below which the bid was accepted in any scenario, above which the bid was rejected in every scenario.
When "removing" variables, don't actually delete them from your Python lists. Just don't instantiate the LpVariable or don't include it in the lpSum.
This makes "adding it back" much easier.

The function removes variables from the current unsolved model that are two steps above (more costly) the breakpoint.
That is, we would expect two bids (within each bid curve) in the solved model to be zero.

This function also checks for land area constraints which are binding and removes (pops) land area constraints which were non-binding in every previously solved scenario.
When saving the solution, check constraint.slack. If slack is 0 (or very close), mark that land constraint as "Binding."

(3) The function Solve_SMDAMAGE then solves the linear program with the restricted column and row sets.
After solution, the function checks whether the bids that were expected to be zero were positive.
If so, the function adds the relevant columns for  two more bid steps.
The function also checks whether any omitted land area constraints would have been binding in any scenario; if so, the function adds those constraints.
The function omit any empty constraints. The function then solves the model again.
The function reports with a simple print statement whether any columns or rows had to be added, and the time to solve each linear program.
